Ladies and gentlemen, Harmontown is once again in session.
Oh, yes.
Would you please be so kind as to bow down and worship the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Yo, yo, yo, hip to the hop, got the best rap, ever got the best rap
Got the best rap, ever gonna, best rap gonna rap, best ever gonna rap
To the best, gonna best rap ever got the well, start to rap now
Gonna, gonna, gonna, gonna start the rap now
Gonna rap about this, gonna rap rap that, gonna rap town
I was trying really hard. I was just explaining to the cameras in the green room. I was like,
okay, I got nothing. I'm not gonna say fuck your mama. I want to scrape my brain like
dry toast and just like, yeah, well, it didn't happen. Just wrapped about rapping better.
But that's a good first step. Like they say, if you want to quit drinking first step is
to go, I drink too much. Was it the beat? So I'm saying right now, I rap a lot about
fucking your mama. Maybe next week it'll change. Do you think there were... No, that
beat was badass. You know, you liked that one. I was like... No, that one was really
good. Yeah. I really liked it. Was there like a banjo in there? I don't know if there was
a banjo. I felt like I kept picturing Kermit the Frog on a log, like fucking... Kermit,
yeah, I catch the flies, I'm in a swamp now, gonna mump and fries. I can't do it. I'm thinking
too much about fucking people's mamas and like, I won't be able to do it. Let's not
start the show cataloging my inadequacies. Let's talk about Christmas. Santa Claus is
here tonight. We got gay Santa Claus in the house. Look over here, you see a very tired
Cupid. I thought it would never end. Wait, no, that comes after Christmas. You mean Cupid
from Valentine's Day or Cupid the Rain? Yeah, I was further confusing. I meant from Valentine's
Day. Just edit it all out. This will probably be our Christmas show because we're like seven
weeks behind in terms of when we record and when we broadcast. I don't listen to him.
The master does his work and then steps away from it. It's nice. The Dowdy Jing. It seems
like a bigger crowd tonight. Maybe it's because Chevy Chase is not a kid. That was mean. That
was just mean. I told you guys he called back and he wanted to do it, but he couldn't do
it. Did you call him today? You said you're going to call him. I texted him. He couldn't
do it. I also, hey, while we're at it, I also texted Bob Odenkirk. Okay, also cannot do
it. Yeah. Also, Sid Caesar couldn't make it tonight. But hey, I fucked your mama. I got
a new dance. It's not just side to side. Now you got a front to back little kicky thing.
It's the, I'm afraid to look at the audience dance. I think I might have, here's the thing,
I rarely do this, but I over or underestimated. I ordered too many drinks. I didn't calculate
it right. So if I were a pilot and this were an airline, you should get off the plane. But
you only paid $10. I promise I will try not to make it awkward. I didn't drink more than
you would normally drink. You just did it too quickly? Yeah, I think that's what it
was. Yeah, because the service there was so bad, glacial, so bad that I, when the guy
came, how bad was it? It was, it was so bad that I kind of passed it because I was like,
yeah, I'll have two more and the bill. You know, you ever do that when you're like, well,
these things take so long, give me three now. And then they'll come like when I want them.
And then they all came and I was like, but I have to admire the fortitude that you've
showed by pouring yourself another one in the green room right before you walked out
on stage. That's just habit. You know why? That's why. I mean, really, that's habit.
It's not funny. I've been kind of stressed out. It's six days before Christmas for me.
On the 17th of December, Erin McGathy and Rob Schrab and his girlfriend, wife, Kate
Freund and I leave for London. So December 17th, that's well after everybody shuts down
in Los Angeles. And so it's December 10th right now, something around there. I have
six days to write a pilot for CBS, a pilot for Fox, and pack. Got to pack some fingerless
gloves and research figure pudding. Aren't you the guy that was just boasting that you
wrote Heat Vision and Jack at 36 hours? Yeah, that was at a different, much more joyful
time in my life. That was when I didn't know the rules of television. I don't know, I don't
know, whatever. I'm not, I'm not, these are... What are the rules of television, Dan? Always
be closing. Right. Think dog. Could there be a dog in it? And when possible, ask yourself
like, what would this be like according to Jim? I don't know, I don't know what the
rule, you called my bluff. Congratulations. Call, I don't know how to write television.
I never have. But... You got six days to write. Six days to write two pilots. Oh, there's
a TV show. Dan Harmon's got 16. That's a movie, that's a movie. But that's more of a bravo,
yeah. Like, maybe it'll be fun, but... Don't look down at bravo, you're gonna be writing
for bravo one day. You're gonna be writing for bravo January. Right when I come back
and Fox and CBS are like, hey, welcome back from London. What the fuck? And I go, sorry,
I gotta go on tour. Okay, we have two notes. You're fired and you're never hired again.
Okay, I'll address that. In Minnesota. Doesn't matter, I don't care. Christmas. I'm stalling.
Saw the Avengers movie for the second time, but actually for the first time because I
kept sleeping through it. Actually, I liked it a lot. I don't know who I'm talking to.
Maybe not 92% rotten tomatoes liked it, but I like the Avengers. Okay, done. Also, I'm
not gonna roll into one that's gonna put a barrier between us. Here's the second of
three. Also, I was quite fond of the Total Recall Remake. I thought it was, I don't know
if you call it a remake or not, but whatever. It was starting to, starting to ruffle feathers.
But I think it can coexist with the Verhoeven Classic. They were both good. I liked watching
Arnold run around Mars with the three titties and give the people their air. I also like
watching What's His Name, not know that What's His Name was not his wife and what's her name
actually was. That's why my one note is all the women look the same, but I have what used
to be called Asperger's, which has now been removed from the diagnostic manual. I'm slightly
autistic, so make one a redhead. If your movie has two women in it, always make one a redhead
or make a Maria Conchita Alonso. Now, here's the point where we reach an impasse and we'll
work through it. I liked Cloud Atlas. I would say, I would say Harmontown 50-50 on that
one. Yeah. Okay. So Total Recall kind of was, okay, I put that in the wrong order. I liked
Cloud Atlas. It was, it's weird. Like every, you're never more than five minutes in Cloud
Atlas because there's a lot of, for those of you who haven't seen it and I won't spoil
anything. I don't know if it's possible to spoil anything. It ends revealing humanity
is amazing and goes on forever into the stars. But if you think about it, that's what Green
Eggs and Ham revealed. So no big row to hoe there. But Cloud Atlas, because their whole
shtick is reincarnation, I'm assuming it's based on some book series that made a better
meal out of this. So then it's time to commit it to film and, you know, like, well, we want
to create the sense. So there's, people are being reincarnated and that we're all kind
of intersecting with each other and playing different roles in our lives. There's a lot
of prosthesis, a lot of, like, six actors. And then there's like, you know, Tom Hanks
will be like hanging out as a fisherman going like, it's hard to catch this fish. And then
like, it'll go like, Geneva, 1814. And he's like playing a piano, but he's got like a
weird nose. But then Holly Berry comes in, even though she worked on the fishing dock,
but now she's like, you better compose that concerto, right? Every time they come in, they
have a different forehead, a different, like, they have like, like, zany zappers on, or
like a weird chin. You're never more than five minutes in Cloud Atlas from going, whoa!
And that's not what you're supposed to do. The Cloud Atlas, you're supposed to spend
the whole time going, oh, but you're constantly going, what did it mean, more or less jarring
to just cast different people in those roles. But if you, for us to catch on that that was
the reincarnated.
Well, you never would catch on because there's too much to tell about. I bet in the, in the
move, in the book, I'm sure you don't need rubber noses and the same actor to indicate
to you that this person, I have no idea, did anyone read the book or book series? We got
it, we got a, we got a, we got one hand, we have two, two gals here who read the book.
All right.
Is it, well, whatever, I don't know what to ask.
Somebody gave me that book years ago and I feel like it's true, like, I liked not reading
the book more than not seeing the movie.
Oh, I made a joke. I joke about a book.
Please reserve that.
No problem. If you want to say where I have nothing to say, I don't know, that cat's out
of the bag. Sorry I got you drunk tonight. I'm going to make it up to you.
You seem exactly as drunk as you are every Harmontown.
I guess I can tell. I don't know. I always, like, I have nights where I'm like, they
can tell. Like, I, and I, and then I project that on to, like, if I'm talking and I go
like, Hey, come on, it's Christmas. Hey, what's the deal with ornaments? And then I'll hear
like a, oh, and then I'll go, she knows I'm drunk. She knows I'm too drunk. I'm not going
to look at her.
But uh,
That was a guy.
You pointed at the guy. Drunk. Can't, can't see anybody. It's all because of the waiter
at the pikey. Another interesting thing about the pikey, if you're a local, we can edit
this out because who in Boston's going to care about this. But uh, go over to the pikey.
It's a kitty corner ish from here. It used to be the coach and horses and then it turned
into this, this place. Uh, well, the big highlight for me is, uh, uh, alternate timelines. Givi
Jeff Davis, uh, works there. There's like a guy, if you ever go in, he, he wears like
these beige suits and he, he looks, he looks a lot like Jeff. It kind of like spends too
much time on making his hair look like he didn't spend any time on it. And like,
But if he like was from like 10s year is from like 85.
Yeah. He's getting vaguely, very vaguely multi-ethnic. Like you don't know where from
where it's like, like his mom was, you know, worked on the docs of his dad was a minister
from, uh, but he's a, yeah, he's very, very creepy, very creepy version of Jeff Davis.
But there's also a very lovely guy up front. There's a black dude named hallelujah, which
is an awesome name. Yeah. Hallelujah is a good name.
Seems like cheating in the, in the name. Okay. My name's awesome. Let's all, let's all just
go fuck ourselves. All right. My name's butterfly. Like some of us have to hunker down and be
John or hallelujah is not cool, but I don't want to jump all over this guy. Never met
him. Already jealous. Uh, I, uh, oh shit, you're fucked up. Yeah. Should I pick you
a slower beat to rap to a slow beat to rap? Like a slow rap, like a slow regretful rap.
I feel like maybe what it, you know, I usually go with the stationary mic stand, but maybe
maybe like, I should loosen up so that you can't tell. I think that I think the mics
in a stand like helps you know how drunk I am. But if I, if the whole thing's moving
then you can't tell, right? I seem sober now. Give it some of that, give it some of that
dame cook karate moves. You know, dame cook it up. Let's try the slower beat. Yo, yo, slow
rap, you know, a slow rap, you know, a slow rap. No, that didn't work. You just kept
saying slow rap. Well, I, I've worked my way into it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Slow rap. Like if you're just going to keep saying slow rap, I will clear this room.
All right. I need to start immediately. No, no, no, no. He's into it. He's into it. Slow
rap. Yeah. Yeah. You've made that quite clear. Am I allowed? Yeah. Yeah. Slow rap. Yeah.
Slow rap. Cities coast to coast. Gotta motherfucker knows the most. Gotta put your mama on some
toast. I gotta go to fuck your mama's ghost. I gotta, because I fucked her to death. I
gotta did too much crystal meth. I fucked your, I fucked your mama to death. And then I fucked
her, fucked her harder to death. I gotta fuck your mama in a slow rap. Fuck your mama slow
as crap. Fuck your mama all over the stage. Fuck your mama. I'm a third level mage. I
gotta put some cast in a spell. Fuck your mama up from heaven to hell. Fuck your mama like
my name was Snoop. Fuck your mama in the button felt poop. No, weird. There's a disconnect
here. And I'm supposed to rap about that. We found your tempo and also found your audience.
Who are you guys? Did all the colleges get off for Christmas? Like all of a sudden, like
we're fucking like this is amazing. You felt her poop when you fucked her. Where have you
guys been? You know, Dan, they've been at college and they miss their mothers. You brought
them back home. Sick of hearing about Kierkegaard. Just feel someone's poop. There's no place
like home for the holidays. So I guess the hobbit's gonna be three movies. Well, someone's
not okay. Who said okay? You're into it. All right. Can you come up? Do you want to come
up and talk about it? He asked you would you get up on stage? Because the audience isn't
Mike's for the podcast. We don't bully people here. We don't make fun of people for coming
up. I just like to hear people and meet people. Have you been here before last week? Oh,
okay. Does this work? Yeah. I'm not that tall. Yeah, you are. I'm as tall as you. Are you
like a height arexic? You are exactly that tall. It's pointed at your mouth. Dan, Dan.
I used to work at a rehab center and they would in the eating disorder unit, they would
do this. Like they told me this. They for anorexic women, they had this therapy technique where
they would have them draw how big they thought their body was, and then lay them down in
it and take a picture of them. Like, what is this? Sesame Street? Is that how anorexial
works really? You can actually just think that your physical body is it? Anyways, I don't
know. What's your name? Who's the villain? What's your name? Phil. That's okay. You don't
have to be Thor. Phil, I'm gonna have to do this because tonight is a no Mike stand night.
You're gonna have to, Dan, cook this. There you go. Put that Mike stand away. Yeah. I'm
enforcing the no Mike stand rule. All right. We're all like, there's not much to talk about
with the Hobbit. It's probably gonna be nine hours. It's probably gonna be extended to
12 hours. But okay, I read the Hobbit. Yeah. I did not so much read the Lord of the Rings
trilogy, but it was a, the Lord of the Rings trilogy was a trilogy in book form. Yes. So
they made a movie for each book. The Hobbit was one book. Yep. So if they make a, where
the red fern grows movie and they make it three movies, we get to go, what is the first
movie going to be about the red fern growing? Are they never going to get to the Coonhounds
dying? I mean, they can kind of stretch it. Spoilers, sorry. The Coonhounds die. I mean,
there's, there's a lot to stretch with that movie. There's, there's a war that just happens
to be only like 50 pages from what I remember. Yeah. And they're making Anna Karenina one
movie. That book is long. That's like a 900 page book, 1200 page book. I read that thing.
You could make 18 movies out of that. Oh, it's true. Well, I said, are you, are you,
will you accept that you're up here in defense of the Hobbit being three movies in the face
of a society that is crying out? Why not, why not merge these kill bills into one 90 minute
thing? Like, kill billboards. And you're saying the reason why, I mean, I would call it kill
billboards. Like I just found out five minutes ago and I'm already defending this. You just,
I told you. Yeah. You found out from me that the Hobbit's three movies. I thought it was
true. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm Nikki Fink. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Deadline Hollywood news
comes from me to your neighborhood. I got the ear to the Hollywood ground. I got some
new scoops from the Hobbit I found. I heard the date line LA is three movies. Oh, shit.
Some people think it's not groovy, but motherfucker, MC Phil's all right with it. Now we're going
to fight with it. Stupid. But you told me it was four movies. I would have been okay
with it. Okay. So your, your point being prolong the enjoyment rather than have to sit through
the like, like, like they make 50,000 shitty movies a year. When Peter Jackson's behind
the camera and the content is, is he directing them? Yes, I hope so. Certainly not going
to ask you. I know where you get your news. You're saying as long as Peter Jackson's behind
the camera and they're, and they're in New Zealand and there's, and there's, and there's,
and they're dealing with that awesome original like material, you'll watch it forever. Yeah.
Like, you know, you hope that every movie is eight hours long and there's one a week.
I saw King Kong in theaters. I'm like, I may have thought that was a half hour long, like
maybe two and a half hours too long, but I still saw it. Right. All right. Well, all
right. Yeah. I mean, it's hard to, it's hard to tell them to fuck off. I've never read
Tolkien, but I really like the Lord of the Rings films. And I, I don't mind it being
prolonged entertainment if they're all good. Well, certainly the appeal of the Tolkien
universe, if I can call it that. No, you may not, sir. Let's ask Janet Tolkien. Absolutely
no. Yeah, I heard she's the black sheep of the family. I heard half of the Silmarillion
when upper nose. Half of the money. Like that was it. Not this half. That was it. That was a deep cut Tolkien reference.
All right. Well, okay. I mean, yeah, the appeal of the Tolkieniverse is the texture. The feel
that you're there, but I'm serious. Like, let's see. Have you read the Hobbit? Yes. So, so let's break
the Hobbit up into three parts. Breaking the Hobbit up into three parts. Where do you think the first
movie is going to end? Like, probably when they reach the dragon, probably you probably, no, no, no.
Wait, dinner is when it will end at the dinner. And the second movie will begin with Jesus Christ,
so many dishes. I can't believe we ate all of that lasagna. But we should think about fighting a
dragon. And so it came to pass that they thought about fighting a dragon. Dan, this guy here has a
pretty good opinion about where he thinks the first break. Oh, Jesus, this guy? Yeah. All right. You
told me you were gonna rate my soul last week. Yeah, we did it. We did a bit. You were very good. Thank
you. Remind us of your name, please. Ben, my name's Ben. Ben, welcome back. Ben. Thank you. Last week,
we kept pretending he was Greg Barrett, and then he was at the show. For my understanding of it,
which is fairly limited as well, it's that the third movie is actually going to be another book that
comes between the Hobbit and the Lord of the Rings series. No, am I wrong? Get up here. Come on. No,
you stay. Stay. Because this is how the first Hobbit movie is going to be. As far as I understand
the book, it's just a bunch of fucking dwarfs, like, like, crowding into a hobbit. Hey, I'm here. Let's
go ahead. That's going to be the whole movie. We're halfway through the first movie. Is the first
movie just going to be a Tom Bombadil movie? I don't know. I don't know. I get it. Tom Bombadil was
cut out of the first Lord of the Rings, and a lot of fanboys got very upset. This character was cut
out. The original plan for the Hobbit movies was there was going to be, the Hobbit was going to be
one movie, and then there was going to be a second movie, which was going to bridge the Hobbit with
the Lord of the Rings, which people got upset about because there's no literary reference to
bridge. I don't remember the name of it. I don't remember the name of it, but there is a book that
took, what's it called? Get up here. Get on stage. Somebody Instagram this immediately. This is
Falcom and Malcolm and Tookin and Pookin. Are you guys talking about the Lost Tales? Is that what
you're talking about? No. There was that compendium of that Christopher Tolkien found in, I'll shut
it up. That's Mormon. All right. Unrelated. Again, my knowledge is as limited as these gentlemen,
but there's a bunch of... Everyone keeps saying that, but... Terry. Get up here. We're getting a
bigger stage. Okay. They're breaking the Hobbit into three movies. Wait a second. There's a guy
who's a bartender from the pikey. Okay. The first movie is the travel to Smog, the dragon, and then
the second movie is all about fighting the dragon. And then the third movie is about Dale and the
battle of the five armies. And they're taking additional information from the Simerillian to
fill in when Gandalf left for 90 pages and then came back and they're just making it up based off
of like 20 minutes or 20 pages of him being like, oh, I thought Sauron, blah, blah, blah. That might
be kind of cool. When he fights Sauron, the wizard or whatever, they fill that in and they're
going to show it instead. So they get all the way to the precipice of fighting Smog. But they don't
actually do it. But that first Lord of the Rings movie, they didn't get a lot done, but it was very
exciting. Yeah, it's mostly walking. So they fight Smog the whole second movie, which would be pretty
badass. I've actually never read the book. Guaranteed you Empire Strikes Back. He's never read it. That's
all right. He doesn't have to. If this was about literature, this wouldn't be a billion dollar
industry. How much have you guys read today? But all right, so what's your name, hero, from the
middle audience? My name is Tyler. Tyler. You've never read the books, but you know more than
these guys who have clearly read these books. Well, I saw that like 1988 cartoon that has the hobbits back
then. Did Ralph Bakshi direct that? Yes. See, that's all I know about talking. You guys get so mad when
you agree with things. I grew up on that stuff, like seeing it and not knowing it from, yeah, I was
just like being disturbed by it, like that and Watership Down. I'm afraid to watch it again
in adulthood. All right. Well, it's cool that you wore a Newsy cap because you really brought extra
and made us know all about it. There are fanboys that are here. I just had to come represent, I guess.
All right. Well, I guess let's have a hand for the Fellowship of Looking Forward to the Hobbit.
Next week is going to be Jane Austen, ladies. Yeah, sharpen your corrections. Don't know. All right.
That was exciting. It gets exciting fast here. You never know what's going to happen. I can't believe
that. There are guys shaking each other's hands. The Newsy guy went and sat down and then the guy in
front of him turned around and was like, thank you for whatever you did. You represent something up
there. I don't know what you said. They might work together, but I want to think that he was like,
thank you so much for what you said. It was so brave. It reminds me of my jury duty story. Did
I ever tell my jury duty story up here when I was in Milwaukee? If you didn't wait before podcast
time and probably before. I'm going to breeze through it really fast. I tell the story as much as you
do probably because this is the greatest, greatest day of my life. It was the only day when I was as
much a hero as the Hobbits and the Bobbits. Will you give me a favor? Will you take this five minute
story and break it up over three podcasts? Get us into your current driving two jury days. The first
one takes you to me showing up at the courthouse and then I insert a whole scene where, yeah,
Sean Astin says, think about it this way. You're right. This is a good ending. I went to jury
duty. The year is 1972. Close. It was like 90 something. I was still in Milwaukee. It was a very
young, spry little child, little writer and improviser living in Milwaukee. I went to jury
duty. Never gone to jury duty before. You spend the whole time. You get quickly indoctrinated into
the culture of, I got to get out of here. We're the suckers. We got to get out of here. People
explaining it to you. No one's going like, congratulations on jury duty. They know that
they need to ingratiate themselves to you by saying, sorry, you're at jury duty. They're right
to do that. It's a drag if you're over 12. It might be exciting for someone who still thinks
pencils might be spaceships. You could maybe occupy yourself. Everyone else wants to kill
themselves. You spend the whole time getting called and not called. You're told you're on the
precipice of getting dismissed. We were so close to, me and my group, we were so close to getting
out and then we got called for this case. We're like, fuck you. At that point, you go through
phases where you go, I kind of actually, I don't want to seem uncool to my peers here, but I actually
kind of think it would be cool if I got called in and someone murdered someone and I had to decide
you murdered someone. You have these thoughts in your head. I'm going to be a juror. It's going to
be amazing. But then you, that quickly fades and you go, I got to get out of here. Please let me,
I'm so close. And then they call you and you have to go and you shuffle into the courtroom. And we
end up in the jury box and it's all kind of random. And I ended up the juror number one. I was like
sitting in the front. It's kind of randomly arranged. And it's, there's this kid sitting there.
It looked like he was like 16 years old. No idea how old he was, but yes, the defendant. I checked
the judge. Sorry. No, I will edit out whatever bored you. I just, I just, yeah. Slow. Slow story.
Sorry. No, no, it's not a slow story. I just, go ahead. Turns out the kid was like a, it was like a
pot, like possession thing. This kid lived in the outskirts of Wisconsin. And he was walking down a
highway. They, they give you all the details of the case. And he was, he was walking down like a
county highway in his like little rural area of the, of the, of the, you know, free fire zone. Sector
seven, where there's probably nothing to do but smoke pot. And he, a cop started coming, probably
to the only cop where he lives. And he, the kid like had a pipe and it had a little bit of resin in
it. And he, he like chucked his pipe into like a bunch of corn. Like a walkie is just why he was a
cop coming and kind of went like this. Cop like stopped and got out and went through the corn and
found the pipe and, and, and took the kid in and, and at some point the kid apparently, this is why
he's my hero must have exercised his right to trial by jury because here I am now and, and, and, and
these other people and, and, and they, so they explain the details of the case. And then they go,
they say the thing that's like, if I'm sure most of you have been in jury duty, there's like that
moment where they go, does anyone feel like they wouldn't be able to be in partial in this case? And
then like, you see like the Jehovah's Witness lady, raise your hand and you watch her get to walk the
fuck out. And you're like, where is Jehovah's Witness? Like you're like, you're trying to like,
and then the, and then the person who was a victim of a, because they have witness in the name.
It used to be this, this has changed now, by the way, because I just recently did jury duty in LA
and they were like, fuck you, fuck all of that. Like there, there, there's a portcullis comes down
and they're like, nice try, asshole. But back then it was like someone went, I'm a Jehovah's Witness,
get the fuck out. I can't sit in judgment of others. And then someone else, I was a victim of a violent
crime, fuck you. My friends at cop, go fuck yourself, get out, go home, go play Nintendo. And
you're like, well, and so this one was like handed to me on a silver platter, because the truth is
like, of course, I'm not going to judge this impartially, like leave the kid alone. It's like,
like he might end up being a senator if you don't bust him now for a fucking dumb ass pipe full of
a stupid thing that goes out of the ground. It's like, arrest the cop, throw him off a cliff.
Like, I'm sure neither choice will measurably improve society, but there's a better chance that if
the cop like exploded, I'm in part, I'm not impartial. That's my point. I'm partial. I have a
feeling and a cop killer. I don't mean that. I just mean that they exploded. If you're a police
officer, I don't drive a silver Prius. I don't really, I'm not like, there's a lot of great people
who are cops and whatever. I don't mean that. And you would like to see them explode apparently.
I meant like biologically like sci-fi wise. I didn't mean like, like, like El Ceda. See what
societies become. This story takes place in a different universe before a lot of things went
down. The judge goes, does anyone think that they wouldn't be able to be impartial about this?
And my hand shot up like a rocket because I was like, holy shit, I actually can't be impartial.
I'm going to get out of jury duty. I raised it and everyone kind of chuckled, like, who was this
young man's hand sure went up fast? And I was the, I was, I was juror number one, which made me the
jury foreman should it actually go to the thing. And then they're like, okay, sir, what's your
problem? And I said, well, I just don't, I don't think that this law should be a law. So I think
that any kind of legal proceeding about it the whole time, I'm going to be thinking like, well,
let's just get out of here. And I think that makes me like, I'm not going to be able to be
impartial because I, it's a, I don't, I don't, I don't see the crime here. And, and they're like,
well, no, but it is a crime. We didn't ask you if you think it should be a crime. We asked you if,
if, if you think you could judge him in part, like they started really really laying into me.
And I was like, well, yeah, but I'm telling you, like the customer is always right. You asked the
question. Like, do you think that I would be able to judge it impartially? Like, like, who are you
going to believe over me when I say no? And what better answer than because I don't, because I
think this is a plant that grows out of the ground. And I don't think he was hurting anybody. And I
don't, I think that, you know, it's your business. If you, you know, the larger society wants to
have a big war and like some kind of controlled substance. And I can't step into that because
that's a big mess. But I see a kid and I see a dumb pipe and I see a lot of ways to time. And I
want to get out of here. And I think it's like, you know, I just kind of like answered honestly.
And then, but then they, they kept like, then the prosecutor got up and was like, no, I want to ask
him a question. Now, but don't you understand that it's illegal? It's yes, but I don't think it
should be. I don't think it should be. I don't know how many times to say this. And so we went back
and forth for like 10 minutes. It was crazy. And I'm not exaggerating. Like, I hope you can trust me
by now to know that like, I wouldn't exaggerate. Like I told you, I shoved a sharpie pen at my
ass. I don't like, if this story involved me being less than amazing, I would tell you the weird
thing is I was awesome in this story. It was an accident. They made me awesome. I just went back
and forth with them. And, and, and so then they're like, fine, whatever. And then so then because I
was juror number one, and everyone watched that happen, then they go, okay, let's move on. Does
anyone else feel that they would be in part not be able to be impartial and like eight hands went
up, including and I'm not kidding. It was like a fucking like, like romcom, like an old, old woman,
like a really old, like, brought knitting to jury duty, like, like not ironically, winota rider,
who knitting, but like, like, like, like knitting like her clothes for things like for cat, like,
raised her hand like everybody and they went down like, okay, now, what about you? And I was like,
well, I think it's, you know, I guess like the young man said like, and then everybody they went
down. I was like, well, I guess it's like he said, I guess. And every and the judge was like this is
like clapping his hand. Because humanity is a resource. It's like so you like green in the
courthouse, like they need to flood these channels with human fucking bodies. And and and you can
revolt and go, no, we you need us to technically make the courthouses work. We don't want to be here.
We want to poop on you. It's in the Constitution. You're they tell you when you go to jury duty
that you're only there to judge the evidence. But in the Constitution, it actually says no,
you're also there to judge the validity of the law. You're there because you are the law. You're
judge dread. You are allowed to say, what if I don't like the law? They go, that's not what we're
doing. They go, well, the Constitution says otherwise. And if you say, if you, by the way,
if you want to get out of jury duty, stand and go, what's the court's stance on jury veto? They go,
see you later. They will validate your parking and give you a fucking bean burrito. And so all
this, everyone's got it was late in the day. And everyone's going like, I think what the young
man said, I was like, he wasn't hurting anyone. And the judge went, guys, and the two lawyers came
up, and they all walked away. They all left. And then, and then they went to the kid who was
sitting there. Now, nobody but the jury, the jury just sitting there. Like, are you smoking a big
cigar at this point? Not quite. Well, yeah, I guess in my head, I am. But like, but, but this is
the thing that reminds me of that moment when the guy turned and congratulate because the old
woman who was sitting in front of me, she turned in her chair and she put her ginger paper, a
wonderful hallmark hand on my thigh and said, I just want to tell you, I think what you did was
very brave. I love getting high and I want to get out of jury duty. And I'm, I'm also brave.
Amazing jackpot. And everyone was like, yeah, yeah, I was afraid to say something because I was
afraid, you know, it's like, it's a courthouse. And then they're going to come to your house. So
like, do you guys comfortable living in that society? You really think that if you're in
Trudy and said, well, I got a problem with this, that you'd go home and there'd be a cop going,
wow, smarty pants. Sounds like you like the reefer. Now we got your name and number.
We'll shut you down, Herman. Stay away from the pool hall. Make that happen sooner than later if
you think that's possible. But that's, but now that's what's closer to the world we live in now
for certain. Probably. Yeah. Well, because you sure can't get out of jury duty anymore. But and so
like, I want, I want, I want the, the, so the judge comes back with the lawyers, everybody,
the kid is going, he's got a big giant smile on his face. And the judge says, so what happened is
it's late in the day. And we, we just sort of settled the matter in chambers. And so there's
no more case. And you guys are free to go, but I would like to talk to you in the hallway.
The judge said, to get the jurors. Yeah. Like, well, can you please meet me around front?
I'd like to talk to you for a moment. So you're all free to go and get up out of the
juror box and we all walk over to the doorway where the judge in his little robe, big robe,
sorry, society, and his crown, can't, can't, can't came over. And he got, it's like,
you guys are free to go. I just want to let you know, you know, I don't approve of what you did
in there, but I approve of the system that let you do it. I think it's amazing that you're able
to do it. And that's, you know, a lot of people don't understand that's what the justice system
is based on is your ability to do what you did. And I don't, you know, I think, I think something
bad happened in there technically, but that's my own personal point of view. As a, as a, as a legal,
as a legal person, I admire what happened in there. I mean, I don't, but I do. And it was like,
shut up. He was basically saying, as far as I could understand, I don't want to, I should be
illegal, but you guys are legally allowed to override. Yeah, exactly. Like, like, like, like,
why don't you take that 15 year old kid and ruin his life for smoking weed? Because you're,
because Thomas Jefferson said you could fuck off. Like, he was like mad, but like also didn't want
to make his forefathers mad. Like, so weird. Well, he was a guy that actually read the
constitution. And when you go to the, I went to jury, dude, I've been there a couple of times.
And the first time I was there, I was like, I don't know, I was in college, maybe 18 years old.
And I was sitting there in a daily courthouse down there. I don't know if you guys have been
there, but it's, it's a bummer. And I'm sitting there and there was this bunch of people that
sit in there. Some people are really happy about it. They got their juror badges on. They're really
excited about it. This is my civic duty. I get to be involved. Like, that's totally fine. If you
want to be there, that's a good juror, probably. Someone that wants to be there. I really, I'm
interested. I would like to check this out and hope I get a good case. A lot of people are like,
I got a kid, I got a babysit later on, I got to go to school. And like, how do I get out of this
thing? Well, there was a silent radio going by at the speed of sound. Like a little red, you know,
digital thing going by. And it was all in mumbo jumbo legalese saying like, in the event that
Latin terms and stuff like that. And I read it once and I waited for it to cycle through again.
It's also where the snack bar is and where the restrooms are. And I grabbed this woman next to
me. It's like, you know, housewifey lady next to me. I'm like, read this with me. And tell me if
you think this is what it's saying. And what it said is, if you don't feel like you should be here,
you can walk up Hill Street. And if you have the blues by being here right now, you can walk up
Hill Street. And you go to the fourth floor of a thing and you can say, you can throw out a form.
And I read it three or four times. And I just got up and walked out. And like some guys like,
whoa, where you going, man? I'm like, I read that thing. I've been trying to read that thing for
half an hour, but me too. It's like, I picture it as like green matrix characters. You can read that?
Yeah. But yeah, but like the silent radio, like it goes by and says a pizza, hard number is like,
it goes by too fast. Like no one's going to get your delivery number on the silent radio out in
front of hard times pizza. It goes by too fast. And so I got in the elevator and then like,
there was really like a hand stop, the elevator from closing and there were like seven people
that were like, we're coming with you. And then like other people saw that we all got in and
there's people are getting out and they were coming toward us. So we walk up a block across
like Hill and whatever that is, hope or something like that. And we walk up the street and then we
go on a thing and we go and elevator and we look behind us and there's 15, 20 other people come
and they're like, and I was so I didn't want to be there. So we go up to the fourth floor of the
place and an elevator door open and a bunch of like women mostly that work there and a little
cubicles saw the elevator open and they saw 20 people come out. And they was like,
once a month, somebody reads that fucker. Another Pied Piper. So they give you a form and says,
why don't you want to be here? And you can say, you can say this, you can say that. There's like
two lines. If you if it's not one of the four things they give you as reasons, you can say why.
And I was like, I don't believe the way the criminal justice like operates in the system,
operates. I went in this big like, you know, Emma Goldman, like, I think like, it's like,
like, the system's on trial. And I was like, I wrote on the back of it and filled it up.
Okay, this guy's going to be a bad juror. So I get there and they read through your stuff and
this woman, she says black lady, she had like, like, like, like, you know, crosses and very, like, a
very Christian black lady, like, very, very nice and very tired of her job. And she I said that,
she goes, All right, Jeff, she's looking at it. She's reading, she's like, she's reading the French.
And she's he's like, turns over to the other side, she's got this, I just dense writing,
like Chaucer on the back. And she reads, she gets like halfway through, she goes, Jeff,
Jeff, I can't give them this, they're going to make you be a juror, just go in there, tell them
you don't want to be there, they'll probably let you out of it. I go, I don't want to spend the
rest of my week, like, going to jury juror selection and doing like, I don't want to be here. And
like, I can't say that. And I go, What can I say? What can I write on this piece of paper that gets
me out of it? And she goes, and she stands up a little bit and looks over. She's so sick of me. And
the job. And she says, she looks back down, like she makes your nose wasn't just say religious,
I'm like, Religious, she's just right religious on the card. I thought, Religious, like Jeff,
Davis sign it. So I had John Hancocked it. And she goes, you're free to go. I'm like,
tell everybody that she's like, if we told everybody that there wouldn't be any juries
in there anymore. Now you can't so I got another summons 10 years later, I thought I thought I was
off to the books forever. I thought that was, you know, that guy was like done with that. No,
they changed the system. I got the jury thing again, and I wrote religious this and that and
then you got another thing back that said, get your ass in here. Nice try or go to jail. So I
got beside I went online and I read about juror veto and I was prepared for that one. But fortunately,
I actually had a thing. But I went in the last I would do juror. By the way, I would do jury duty
now. I'm not that busy anymore. I would do it. I'd be interested. I think that's how I felt is
like the same way I feel about software piracy. Like I stole my ass a lot of Adobe shit. So if I
need Photoshop, I made enough money off of using Photoshop for free. Like they if I have it, like
they get it and we all it all worked out for all of us in the end. Like when I was two when it went,
you know, when that $5 a day wasn't going to cover my rent. Yeah, I was like fuck jury duty. But
now I'm like, Okay, this will be I'll go in. I'll do my duty. It's a duty. Like if nobody did it,
what the fuck are you gonna do? What about that kid who's got caught smoking pot by a dick cop?
Like, like, there's a kid out there, you could make a difference. So I so I went into the LA
Superior Court, and I went through two days of this business. And and I'm not it was just funny
because the, you know, went through all this thing. And I was like, like, my heart was pumping,
I'm like, am I going to try to get out of it? Am I going to like try to say I won't be impartial?
But I watched them pick off one by one. And by pick off, I mean, not pick off, like, like,
people tried to get out of jury duty. It just said, like, no, it's a religious. And they're
like, fuck you sit down. Welcome to the jury. And how about you, man? But it got disturbing
because there was a woman who stood up and said like, like, I'm a writer and sometimes an actor
have even dabbled in directing. I think I can tell a lady faking being the victim of a violent
crime and not wanting to be a part of this and being emotionally traumatized by it. And she was
either Meryl Streep or was I watched a woman get abused a second time by the system, because she
was like, I just can't she was fucked up about it, because they tell you the details of the crime.
We got this guy stabbed this guy, and then this thing happened. And she's like, I can't do this.
I've been through this before. This is not this is not what she's already been on the panel when
they're saying they really she's on the panel. Oh, so this is real juror slash. Yeah. And it was
okay. Good. Sit back down. And it was like, like nobody got let go. They did not do any of that
business. And I was in the elevator with her. And I turned to her was an awkward moment because
I didn't I turned to her and I said, like, I can't believe they didn't let you go. And she
responded to me like, like really emotionally. So like, I wasn't trying to get let go. I was just
being honest. Like, like, I she thought that I was saying like, yeah, jury duty, right? Fuck this
shit. But I can't believe they didn't buy that. You know, like, you know what I mean? Like, like,
like, I felt like I was part of the I was like, no, I just meant like, I can't believe the government
is terrible and raped you in there. But but it felt like I was God, God, it was the worst. But at
the end of it. So I'm not like, okay, I'm doing jury duty, because I just watch this lady get
trounced, like, I'm not going to go up there and go, no, no, no, I'm racist. I'm not doing it.
I'm just so I can tweet it. And like, because that lady is going to be haunting me for the
rest of my life. That that jury duty is duty. So I saw it. So that better be the name of this
podcast. So I so I hunkered down for the due diligence. And we end the whole day. And then I
go home, I'm busy as fuck. I'm like, I got to go back. It's a bummer to have to go downtown. It's
blah, blah, blah, blah, you know, first world problems. But I go back, and I'm there. And we
show up and we're waiting outside the courtroom. And we wait and we wait and we wait. And the guy
comes out at a certain point goes like, there's been a development. And you can go to lunch.
So I went to lunch. This was the day that the space shuttle was being flown all around LA. I
don't know if this is an important part of the story. But it was an odd experience for me because
I had no idea. I was on jury duty. It was just like, like, I got to get a drink. It's it's 11am.
And I've never I never hang out downtown. So I'm just like walking. I looked on my
para street and you go have you have a margarita. I looked on my phone for martini icons and was
like following it. And as I'm walking across this park, there's like this industrial park.
It was like a zombie movie. Like, everyone was like looking at a fixed point in the sky. And I
kept like nine times I kept looking for like a suicide jumper. And there was never anything I
just kept walking. I was like, maybe this is what happens to people when they work downtown. Like,
maybe they maybe they're like cattle. Maybe they're just grazing freedom. Like, they're just looking
at the moon. Like, what would it be like there? You could live in a crater and
like, no one would ever fuck with you. Just keep looking at it. Just suck it up into my eyeballs
for another six hours of data entry. And I finally couldn't stand it. It was like, what? I just stopped
this one lady. I was like, it didn't stop her. She stopped me. Whatever. Harmon. There's a footnote
session. The the I said, what are you what is everybody looking at? I'm really sorry. And
she's like, you don't know. I was like, I don't know. It's just like the space shuttle's coming.
I was like, what do you mean it's coming? Like, what? What do you mean? I still didn't understand.
The Williamsburg wagons. They got honey. They got scarves. I did a new scarf from Neptune.
Like, I was like, I thought, did they decommission that fucking thing? I go, what? What do you mean?
It's why is it coming to Los Angeles? What is it doing here? And, and, but I was like,
space shuttle's coming. And I just, I just kept walking between people and went into an empty
like P.F. Changs or something. It was like, give me everything you have behind the bar.
Because I had to go back to jury duty. Watch that figured it out on the TV. They're like,
oh, they're taking the space shuttle everywhere. They're flying it all around all over the goddamn
place for some reason. Some weird while that while you were there, I was, uh, I got a text from
Dino and you saying the space shuttle's flying around. Right. And Dino was saying he was at the
drawing room, our little local bar. It flew right over the drawing. And I was like, what as I live,
you know, like, you know, half a mile quarter mile from there. I'm like, I didn't hear it go by.
And so I was sitting on my toilet taking a shit as you know, as one does. And I, uh, and I hear
and I was like, please let my phone be here. And I grabbed my phone, pulled the blinds up,
and I have a shot I put on Instagram of the space shuttle flying over my bathroom window.
I just watched it on the news. Everyone in the bar was like watching in the TV and they're
going, it's coming. It's coming. And then they would, they would, they kept running out. I was
like, it's looked better on the TV, like way better. I don't know. No, it looked pretty cool.
But I have friends that were like on downtown. There's a cash register here now. It was really
low. They saw that thing, incredibly low. So I go because they were tooling it. I mean, I guess
that's kind of cool that they were like just showing it off. I was like, fuck you to the rest
of the city is that bid to have it in their museum. And it was like, we've got your space shuttle,
fucker. It was like LA going like, yeah, it's cool to be in LA. There's more here than just riots.
There's, there's, there's, there's outer space. Hey, hey, hey, black people, we may, we may expand
out so much that, that you, you, you stop being the victims of crime. Okay. That was reverse
rate. I was, I was being Ellen Alda about that. The, so I go back, I traipse my corpse back to the
courthouse and, and we wait again for another like hour and a half. It's like, so, so to recap here,
like the whole, like from morning to lunch, like we were just waiting and something weird happened
and the bailiff just told us to fuck off and go have lunch and come back. So we all come back.
So now I've been downtown all day. I come back, we wait another hour, the bailiff comes out and
goes like, or I'm sorry, he goes, come on in guys and we all shuffle in and we knew someone was
fishy because he didn't tell us like six, seven, four, go to the left. Like there was no, it was
just like, get in here assholes. And so we all shuffled in and sat down and the judge was like,
well, uh, uh, Johnny, Johnny Carson, this is weird wild stuff, but you're free to go. It was,
he didn't explain anything. It was like, you're free to go. Okay. All right. It was like, what
happened yesterday? They were at the elevators and, uh, I saw one of the attorneys and they tell you
don't talk to the attorneys until after the case. And so as I said, one of them waiting for the
elevator, the case is over, right? So can I ask you what happened? And, uh, and the prosecutor
looked at the DEA. Am I getting those terms right? Uh, probably assisted DEA. Uh, well, yeah, I'm
sure it wasn't, uh, yeah, Sam Waterston wasn't there. Uh, I just mean the two, there were the
two opposing attorneys and they kind of looked at each other like, as if to ask themselves like,
is it okay to answer the question? And then, and then said, yeah, uh, he didn't show up.
So this, this kid who needed a translator in court cause he was like, it was like,
it was a gang thing. Like he stabbed somebody and I'm assuming I'm allowed to talk about this
now. I'm not blowing the roof off of this thing. There was a stabbing and blah, blah, blah. And
he had a translator in the courtroom and the translators could only work in shifts. So there
was like always some James Carville guy walking in and trading on, like tagging out. It was the most,
it was the weirdest thing in the world. This kid just sat there for a day, wasted my fucking time.
Don't stab me kid if you're listening. Uh, and then the next day he was like, I'm gonna fuck this.
Like he just left. He just boned out. Yeah. I guess it's what I'd do if I stabbed someone
or didn't and everyone thought I did. Maybe he's, maybe he stole the space shuttle. He might have,
it might have been him in the space shuttle. All right, stupid jury duty. We spent the whole
night talking about jury duty. Uh, real quick, when I was sitting in the big, like when you sit
up in the gallery out there and they're saying like, who has conflicts? Who has this? And you
all write it down. You hope you get kicked out. And they're going to, I have a thing. I'm going
out of town as a vacation. Yeah. When are you going? Okay, I'll keep that in mind. Stay. Oh, you,
you can go. You have a, you're taking care of an elderly woman. You can leave. So people were
going, some people were kind of on hold and she comes to me and I had all these improv show dates
like traveling around doing improv comedy. I wrote them all down. I was already contracted to go.
And so this judge and she was kind of this tough lady and she's like, all right, Jeff Davis says,
you're going to be out of town through January this and that and that, then February, blah, blah,
and that's, that's, that's about half of the dates and things. She's, what do you do? I go, I said,
do comedy shows. And she's like, what kind of comedy shows? Like improvisation. There's like
a hundred people in there who have interesting lines or, you know, mundane lines or whatever.
And like, you heard a lot of, like a lot of very specific shit. This is, this is a new one. Yeah,
it's pretty amazing. I kept recording it because I was like, shit, I work like for hours coming up
with, you know, people are standing up like, like, like, weird, like, so specific, you can't write
it. And so she goes, and she goes, like, are you an actor? I go, yeah. And she goes,
are you going to be famous, Mr. Davis? And I said, yes, your honor.
And she goes, get out of here. Get out of here. All right. All right. That's it. Good night,
folks. Before we bring Spencer up, Adam, we were not talking to you.
All right. Adam, no, well, I asked Adam to bring his roommate here. Oh, okay. I'm sorry,
Adam. That was probably Adam has a weird relationship with his roommate that I want to
explore. Adam has a weird relationship with me. Adam is going to bring humanity up his roommate.
And we're going to get to the bottom of why things are so uncomfortable between us in the
apartment called Earth. I was in the I was in the green room with with our friend that does not
exist. Documentarian Neil Berkeley. Yes. World famous. Why on the wall, he does not exist. He's
not making a movie about us going on tour. He does not exist. He's not a person that is going
to be in the movie. So everything I say about it. But I wanted to talk like he was shooting me
and he asked questions. You know, he wants information. He's like, so what do you think?
What do you think you're going to do tonight or something? He's not that lame. I don't remember
what he's asking me. But I was going like, yeah, well, the thing is, we were doing this and I've
always thought that you should do this and I want to try this. And there was a point where he said,
maybe mischaracterizing it, but this is how I perceived it. He went like, so is this how you
really talk? Is this who you really are? Like he was kind of like he's like a documentarian who's
going like, wait a minute, what the fuck's going on? Are you are you always this retarded?
No, he didn't say that. I was like, is this how you talk? And I was like, I think so. I don't
know. I'm perfectly willing to accept that it's not. I don't know. There's a camera on me and
I'm talking. And I was like, you know, you're very, very loquacious. That's all. I didn't want to
throw him into the bus. I wanted to talk about my anxieties that that causes. Right. What do you
do when someone asks you that? Is this how you really talk? I thought I couldn't tell what you
were going to say. Like he was making fun of a stammer or no, no, no, no, no. I think he meant like
I was always on. Who said that? Fuck you. I'm kidding. Not fuck you. Who said that though? Oh,
oh, Jesus said that. That's what I thought he meant. Jesus called out always on. That's what
I thought he meant. Like that's what I was like, I guess it's possible I may be overly conscious
of the camera. I am talking after all to a camera. So I'm probably not acting completely like I
normally would. So that's what I, but I was, it threw me and it made me wonder if I'm a human
being or not. Right. What was the verdict? I don't know. I don't have no idea. How am I supposed
to know? You think I mean, eventually we're going to be, that camera is going to be up your nose
for almost three weeks. Yeah, and I'll get used to it. Yeah. But I don't think that was his issue.
He wasn't, he, because we talked about it. I was like, what the fuck? Because I'm self-obsessed.
I'm like, what did you mean? Tell me everything. What did you mean? And he said, no, it's just,
you know, you're very, he said, loquacious, which is something my mom always used to call me.
How did I segue out of Adam and his roommate? I just wanted to say, talk about it.
Oh, okay. That was Adam. Fuck Adam. I was just saying before we bring Spencer up,
because it's 9.20. I just, I was just thinking of this thing that happened before the show.
Yeah. Well, what, you know, what are you saying that I'm not normal? No, no. I think you're very
normal. I mean, I don't, I talk how I talk. It's not, so I'm just trying, I'm just trying to express
myself. And you do. I, which funny, but everybody, like, I'm nervous about the way I talk, because I
talk way too fast. I would love to talk slower. And when I listen to the podcast, I think you're
way more articulate than I am, because I'm talking at a mile a minute. Yeah. We, we both have our
little modulations of when we're talking well and talking poorly. Yeah. Tonight's a bad night for me,
but that's, that's beside the point. I disagree. I was just, I just, it made me wonder. Yeah. I've
just obsessed with myself and like, I was like, Oh, do I am I, what was I, it's not important.
I think he's just a really good documentarian. He's got under your skin. Well, yeah. Is that what
they're supposed to do? He's going to break you down. He's going to turn you inside out like a
sock. He's really great. He's really great at that. Yeah. He's a powerful presence to have. I like,
I like, I like him. It's interesting because he's not just a guy with a camera. He's like,
he knows what he's doing. Like he's, he has opinions about something. He's up your ass.
He doesn't, he's not going to, he's not, he gives no quarter to your ass.
He raped you, didn't he? He touched me. He started touching me and I was like,
like, what are you doing? And he's like, no, did you get in the light? And he's like,
touching my cheek. And he kind of pushed it. It's like, you look beautiful that way.
And I was like, I don't know. Is this, I think this is the documentary. This is Neil Berkeley,
famous documentarian. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he doesn't, he's not shooting this thing. He's not a
character in it, but he was like, he's like, and then he's like, take your shirt off. And I was
crying. And I was like, do you understand I'm crying because you're doing this? And he's like,
yeah, you're beautiful when you cry. And then out of nowhere, I said, I have no idea. Like,
he had a beach ball. Like, like, how do you fully inflate it, handed me a beach ball. I was just
like, no, no, no, no, play with it. Play with it. Like, what do you, what do you fuck her out at
the beach? Play with it. I, I, I, it was fucked up. I just wanted to talk to you about it because
I'll forget about it tomorrow. Yeah. Okay. But I mean, it was a pink camera with like no lens and
like ridges. Damn, that's a dildo. Why is that too far? I don't know. You guys are customers
always right. Whatever you guys think is entertainment is up to you. But earlier, I will remind you that
I said I felt someone's poop by fucking them in the butt and you were, you acted like Dean Cooke
was out here. And that you were fans of Dean Cooke. Anyways, Spencer time, Spencer time.
Spencer, our dungeon master, extraordinary.
Saunter is towards his throne with a satchel. His satchel is unfurled with the power of a million
brimlocks. I like that you're rapper. You said that you were a level three mage. What was that?
Yeah, that was which we are. We leveled up or we leveled up. So can I talk to more than one
squirrel a day now, Spencer? No, that's racial. It doesn't go by a level.
So Spencer, did you get off of work? Yeah, okay. I got, I got the 10th from the 31st off. So if
we're within those dates, I'm good. Otherwise, I might like have to dive out earlier. No,
10 of the 31st puts you right. Well, there you go. Thick of things.
Spencer will be joining us on Harmon Channel tour.
Justin Marshall, our podcast producer is going to endeavor to release our podcast daily. Right.
So that people might follow the. So you guys won't be left out. And then we're gonna try to
make a big party happen when we come back. So we're in on the 31st of January, we're in, we're
at sketch fest in San Francisco, which is our, no offense, Los Angeles, but you'll probably all
agree because you're from Los Angeles, our favorite city, San Francisco. We love it. And
we were going to be there for a sketch fest and do, do our final tour show there. But then
then we'll be back here in LA and we're going to try to put together like a big thing. We should
have a big like homecoming. At the Wiltern. Yeah, sure. I don't know. Whatever. We'll just stack
homeless people and make a, make a stage out of them and just walk all over them and just go,
it's good to be back. There were less of these in Montana. Squishy here.
But at any rate, I mean, I think we will talk about what we learned and what we, what we didn't
learn. Also, I mean, I don't imagine anybody would, but should anybody happen to see us at a gig
that that's here tonight or comes to our shows here, if we're out in the road, come in or dish
yourselves. It'd be nice to see you like if. Oh, absolutely. Of course. Nice to meet any like
traveling Armenians that come, come meet us. Speaking of, speaking of Armenians, I saw the
harm, the Armenian you the other day. I saw Armenian Dan Harmon. And I sing a whole song
about Armenian Harmon. Armenian Harmon. See you away from me. He looked an awful lot like you.
And he was almost definitely Armenian. I can't imagine there's much of a line between me and
Armenian me. Like, I think I could pass pretty easily for Armenian men. It's, it's, it's a hair's
breadth. Yeah. Spencer, how you doing over there? I'm doing, doing pretty, pretty good. Yeah,
you look like it. Thanks. Thanks. I'm always happy to see you, Spencer. You're a welcome
addition here. It's good to have you. I'm glad to be enjoyed by you guys. Are you, are you ready
to be in a tour bus with us for God knows how long? Yeah. I don't usually do things and that sounds
like a thing. It's a, a tour bus is a great place to do it. This is almost certainly a thing. So
it's going to be very exciting for you. Yeah. It's a change of pace. In addition of things.
You'll be, you'll be doing what you normally do at 70 extra miles per hour.
Master baiting. Oh, the plot thickens.
Yeah. Dress for movement, Spencer. That is going to be a thing, isn't it? We're going to be together
for, I didn't even thought about that. I know. Yeah. We're all going to be fucking sucking on that
trip. It doesn't take long. Yeah. I'm going to watch Oz. I'm going to wear your ass like a hat,
Spencer. I've seen, I've seen enough movies to know some, some shaws are going to get shanked.
Oh, wait, what did Goldberg want? Goldberg brought his roommate, I feel. Can we just,
can we sneak him up real quick? Sure. If that were possible. Is that an oxymoron?
Can we sneak Adam Goldberg? Adam Goldberg, everyone. Welcome back, would you?
I'm measured applause for the return of Adam Goldberg. I asked you to bring your roommate.
And I asked you to bring back that plate I gave you last night. Do you have the plate?
Yeah, I don't. But in my, in my defense, it's a very passive aggressive move to hand someone a big
heavy plate full of baked goods and then ask for the plate back when they're nowhere near their
plate holding device. I actually gleefully left it like in a public restroom. I couldn't, I couldn't
wait for you to ask for it back. So I could explain to you your 24 year old ass. No, you don't do
that Adam. You don't hand someone a big heavy plate full of baked things unless you want to kiss
the plate goodbye. It is defense. You gleefully leave lots of things in public restrooms.
But also not a valuable plate. I don't care. I should have taken a picture of it.
A bunch of half eaten cookies and just like two brownies like upside down. That dessert trade
traveled over 80 miles by the time it got to you from beautiful Agora Hills, California.
You're a diabolical person. I brought you snacks. That's a weird way to bring the diabolical into
it. It's not, but you didn't bring like a hot, like wonderful tray of home books things. You add
them. You're mad at me because I didn't bring you home cooked snacks. No, Adam. Talk to my roommate
who's a chef. Can we get a round of applause? Did you just throw to an audience intro?
All right. Adam Goldberg's roommate.
He just walked out the back door. Adam's been given a terrible latitude in an apartment
town. I'm not sure I'm crazy about it. Adam Goldberg's roommate.
I do have a name. But I just want to say from that title alone, everyone's already on your side.
You're like Joan of Arc. Please welcome Hitler's therapist.
What is your name? Anastasia. Anastasia. Ooh, prettiest name ever.
I've used that a lot. It's people's middle names like in comedy writing.
Sarah Silverman's middle name and the Sarah Silverman program was Anastasia
and Pierce Hawthorne on community's middle name was Pierce Anastasia Hawthorne.
Doesn't that mean something like resurrection or something like that?
You know, you're one of the first people to just point that out. It's true.
Oh, I've read out of Karenena. What's the origin of Anastasia?
It's actually from two Greek words that mean resurrection. It's a pretty common
Greek and Russian name, just not here. I don't know why I keep looking at my
Dudges and Dragons character sheet. It says you have a bag of holding.
We'll be right back. Not a good interviewer. I'm not good.
If there's an edge of the pool within reach, I will grab it.
What's on your mind, Anastasia? What brings you up here? What brings you up on stage?
It seems to have disappeared. No, let's ask her. You have Adam Goldberg's roommate
on stage. What do we have a weird relationship with? I didn't know.
Well, I just assumed. You know why I thought it was weird? Because you'd never been here
before and Adam is like a regular. That's an understatement. So you would never come here.
So what's that about? That's not a judgment of us, right?
No, no, I can't see you guys. No, it's not that. No, my schedule is fucked up. I'm a cook,
so I work when other people play, and this is usually an issue. I work on Fridays. I work
on Saturdays. Can we ask where you work? Yeah. We don't have to. If you don't want to say it.
No, no, no, it's cool. I used to crow about it. I worked for Wolfgang Putt catering until about
a month ago, and I now work at the USC Radisson. There's an upscale sports bar there called McKay's.
Wait, USC, meaning University of Southern California? Yes, the USC Radisson.
Yes, they do many things well. I don't think they should be managing hotels.
Yeah, it seems weird. That's a weird amalgam of higher education.
Are you a cook or chef? Have you studied?
Technically, I'm a cook. You're not a chef unless you manage a staff.
As a technically, chefs don't really do a whole lot of cooking as a result, but go on.
What's the weirdest thing you've ever caught Adam Goldberg wearing?
You should probably be asking me that question.
All right, what's the weirdest thing you've been caught wearing by Adam Goldberg?
You brought it up on a staff list. I assume that's why I was here.
No, you are here purely to embarrass Adam Goldberg, in my opinion.
All right, that's a good story. No, what was it? Yeah, what?
At the risk of, I don't know, I'm just starting to feel kind of naked right now,
so give me a moment. Do you want me to throw something?
I haven't ingested enough booze to be social right now.
Pour a drink. Dan, give it up. Do you drink vodka? Do you want vodka?
Oh, sure. After today, I could use a drink.
Today was fucked up. You haven't been here to the show before, but I put a sharpie pen up my butt
once. And not recently, I'm getting your ice, but I just mean the bar is low as far as human
dignity. You don't need to... Yeah, don't stick your finger in that cup. I'm good.
Oh, because you're a cook, you know. I'm in the red zone with my bacteria.
I can get you a fresh cup and... It's cool. I've seen her. I've dealt with her story, but...
Here's your ice cup. Thank you.
Spencer... Wow. Dan Porter is seven ounces of vodka over my finger.
All right, but there must be an embarrassing thing I could tell you to put you at ease.
Okay, it's not really embarrassing, at least not to me, but it was probably so for Adam.
Anyway, I'm kind of hesitant to call this a kink. It's not really a kink. It's not really a fetish.
This is no one. Because I don't get off on it. That's the thing. But... But I may.
I can't believe you don't come here every week. This is your home. This is where you belong.
I'm starting to feel that way now. I'm glad. Okay, so I've been into... I can show you...
Well, okay, Zen Tai for a while. Some of you might already know what that is.
Zen Tai? Zen Tai. Yes. Is that related to Hen Tai? No, it's not. There are a lot of
sound-alike words in Japanese. This is... I'll say. Clean up your act, Asians. You've been warned.
I'm like, are you actually pointing at any? I may be. Who knows? Can't throw a cat without
hitting one on this side of town. Misha, you here? Misha? Hey, Misha. Oh, should I miss Misha?
Anyways, what is it? What is it? All right, so they're basically head-to-toe spandex suits.
Oh, okay. Well, that's a cousin of... You want to come on the Harmontown Tour too?
If I could get off work for long enough, I would love to. That's the thing. I can't. I'm like...
Whenever they're paying, we'll double it. What's up? Whenever they're paying you, we'll double it.
I might have to take you up on that offer. Okay, I didn't think it was going to go that well.
I'm like, I work in a restaurant where they're trying to make magic with seven people.
Now, when you put on these little spandex suits, do you go about town? Do you wander around on the
hunt? Yeah, I do. Wait, under your clothes? Or just... You mean like... Not... Well, yeah,
I'm wearing clothes over them. Okay, so that's your little secret. You've got a little sexy
spandexy outfit on. It's not really a secret if your head is covered. Yeah, it's over your face.
Yes. So do you rob banks?
No, actually. Well, you go out of the house in a full spandex head-to-toe suit. I do.
And just go, just hit cookaroo and just walk around. Just because I feel like it. Oh, yeah,
cool. Just go about your business. Pretty much. That's awesome. And what's the reaction to people
that you're running to? Strangely enough, as long as I don't make a huge deal about it,
no one else does either. There are occasionally, like, I don't know, there is occasionally genuine
alarm, like... Ninja! Ninja! Like, I remember ordering, like, a couple weeks ago, I ordered a
pumpkin spice latte from the Starbucks, the Tarzan. So you go, it's not just a stroller on the
block. Are you wearing anything else? Are you wearing anything else but just the head-to-toe
spandex? Well, this is a mesh suit, so I have to wear shit under it. I mean, over it. It's mesh.
Yes. Okay, so you got some, you got some knickers underneath it. Something.
Fill me in here, Anastasia. This is new. I'm not, okay. Okay, so you dressed up like... I mentioned
that. I mean, I was like, I'm not going there, but... So you went to Starbucks and... Yeah,
I'm not interested. I got some serious Googling to do tonight.
But I wear clothes over it, so I'm not like... It's A-N-A-S-T-A... Well, yeah, what is it really?
I wouldn't know what it's called, because the amazing thing about that, I love that the internet,
like, like, it, like, you encounter people now, you get to go. There's gonna be, like, 500 people
that listen to you, and 40 of them are gonna go, wait, me too! And like, how do I, like,
there's a thing? There's a subreddit? So what? Yeah, I would be surprised. What's the, what's the,
would you say it's called? Zentai. And it's, look at the Z? Yes. And you're saying it's not a,
necessarily a sexual thing for you. Not for me. It seems to be for a little bit. It's kind of like,
like, comfort, like, like, maybe like a... More or less. What's the, what's the, what's the fulfillment
of that for you? Like, what is that? What itch does that scratch? You put it out. It's basically a,
it's either a meditative thing for me, or it's, I used to call them hug suits, because I'm like,
if I'm feeling like shit, I don't know, just... Right. Feeling tightly enclosed. Like, enclosed,
yeah. There's a thing, I have a big nylon fetish. I like, I, you haven't been here. Welcome aboard.
So you're familiar with encasement? Yes, encasement, yes. Sorry, did I call it?
It's related. Yes, it's like, like, if you take... Spencer, take five.
If you, if you, if you take, if you take nylon...
If you, if you take nylon fetishry to, to, yeah, it's like, like, you, like, like, yeah, there's people,
like, you, there's people who want the whole body encased in it. And I remember when I was a kid,
when I was watching Batman, and I'm pretty convinced that Yvonne Craig, who played the
bad girl on the Adam West Batman series, I'm pretty sure she has everything to do with everything
for me. Because she had this red wig, and she, she was like, she looked good. And, and, and
everyone on that show was wearing a nylon something or spandex something. And there was also a lot of
like, like, oh, Batman, I've tied you to Robin and Batgirl again. Like, I'm gonna put you in
this sausage machine, and you're gonna have to, I bet you'll never get out. And no matter how hard
you wriggle, and like, I remember being a really little kid and like, watching Batman, and like,
like, putting myself in between a bunch of pillows and like, like, like, kind of like, like, like,
wriggling around and like, feeling the comfort. And then I saw that Temple Grandin movie on HBO,
where she, she made herself a squeeze machine. Oh, dude, that Temple Grandin movie is fucking
badass. Like, it's amazing. You got everyone asked to see it. It's the most amazing thing I've
ever seen in my life. Period. Not as good as Batman Rising. So Batman, there's a new squeeze machine.
I was wondering what it would break first, your spirit, or your body.
All right, sorry. So have we cured you of Zentai yet, Anastasia? No. But like, the, the, the idea
of like, like, tight, like, yeah. Yeah. And I, there's, I think there's like, people who like,
oh, I like to wear tube socks, like, like really tight, like people, like, like, I want things
squeezing me and putting pressure on me, like, like, like, relaxes you. It's weird, but it does.
I think my, I mean, I'm not, I'm not saying it's to be glib or, or, or right, but I feel like suits
for me, there's a kind of an encasement kind of thing. Like, I love the feeling of being wrapped
up in a suit. It's like pajamas, and it's like, it's kind of like armor in a way. I feel very safe
and secure in a suit. Well, we fit you pretty well, actually. Don't take that the wrong way.
All right. Well, my pants just leveled up. Trying to make Spencer back in on this matter.
All right. I'm told I have that effect. What is it? What is it? What does Adam eat by default?
Like, what's, what's on his side of the fridge? Yeah. Like, no, no, what's on the coffee table?
Like, like, like, like just empty blank wrappers. What, like, like, what does he always just eat?
Oh, God. I can't even answer this one of only because it's wood.
And you're, you're afraid he'll be outed as like some kind of no, no. Nothing but neighbors.
This is like, I mean, that's how we got Adam Goldberg's roommate up here. And I don't know.
I don't know. She's being very good. She's being more soft revelatory than, than Adam.
No, that's great. It's very noble of you. But, but also I want, like, what, what does he do?
There's got to be one thing. What can we do? That's never going to happen.
Should I bring Eric Eitel over? And no, I, I just want, we want to tease him about one thing,
like, like one specific thing. Does he have like a porcelain bulldog that sits on his desk?
Hey, Skyfall, take it easy.
Is he like, what does he, what does he watch? What's his favorite?
I'm actually the weirder one here. I, I'm just, that's almost impossible.
I mean, I'm, I'm, for God's sake, I'm a cook and I hardly ever cook. So whatever food is in the
fridge is usually his. Um, he eats at this point, he eats a much more varied diet than I do. I'm
like, I subsist on whatever leftovers I can get from the restaurant, despite being able to afford
more than that. I just don't have time. Goldberg continues to elude us. He's normal. Oh my God.
We're going to get you. He's not normal. We're going to bring his mother up next week and she's
going to be like, I don't know. I felt something down there. And then it was just, I heard a
skateboard and he was gone. God damn it. I want to deal with, is he, is he Soviet? What is,
what does he want from us? Uh, all right. Well, anything, anything, I don't know what to say.
This, anything you want to plug while you're up here? You get to, you get to, you've been very
gracious and very revelatory. Anything you want to say to America, not America, that was,
that's presumptuous. Anything you want to say to the thousand people who was on the show?
350.
That would have been my college radio DJ days. Tell your dad, you're sorry I didn't call him
on Father's Day or anything. Oh God. Um, God, I'm,
I put you on the spot. I do. I'm a bad interviewer. No, hardly. It's just, I,
it's something I don't really have an answer to. I'm like, anything I want America to know.
I mean, if you had needs, you couldn't live with Adam Goldberg.
What was mean? I go, I go where the, I go where the, you know, the pellet gives me the honey,
you know? I find that making fun of Adam gets me laughs. So do you, do you owe him money?
Does he have something on you? Is there some sort of weird blackmail thing going on right now?
Besides what I told you about, now everyone else knows about, not really.
And Starbucks, you just wanted to Starbucks. You don't care. No, no, not, not just Starbucks,
Harvard. Have you and Adam, have you and Adam ever made up? No.
Will they? Oh, I know you were entertaining thoughts at one point.
Yeah. Oh, here we go. Does he, does he, does he play video games? Does he?
Yeah, but how is that strange? I'm like, no, I just want to, in details,
does he throw knives at a board? Like, like, he's home all day.
I'm like the perfect roommate because I'm never home.
All right. Well, thanks, thanks, Adam. That was, that was fascinating.
Anastasia. Anastasia. Anastasia.
Thank you so much for coming up and, and bearing your humanity to us and resurrecting
Adam's character on this show. Once again. Yeah. Once you have, I said, okay,
God damn it, we really fucked up. We went too long. It's too late. No problem.
All right, Spencer. Spencer. All right, Spencer. Dungeons and Dragons, speed round. Time for a
Dungeons and Dragons. Quick, quick, quick, quick, quicky.
It's a special segment where we play Dungeons and Dragons in 10 minutes and get the fuck out of
here. Sorry. Dungeons and Dragons introduction segment. After tussling with a gelatinous cube
in a pit. No, our heroes came upon a horrendous scene. A vicious barbarian raid on the White
Skull Knoll village. It was here that Sharpie's father, Lord Mango Buttsalot, revealed himself,
hurtling headlong at the party. Swords and spells flew as the forces clashed. But when the dust
settled, the barbarian Lord lies sleeping on the floor, suffering from a face full of magic.
There our adventurers stand in the wreckage of the White Skull Camp as dawn breaks on the
grassy hills of the Butz Peninsula. So if you recall, you're standing in the wreckage of this
Knoll village, right? And he like, you knocked him out. Yeah, you're like going to draw a
violent head or something. And we took him out systematically. And now he's sleeping it off.
And you're figuring you were you're thinking about taking his anchor.
I remember. And we love he was wielding an anchor, which is awesome. Go. Speed round.
Level three. Yeah, I got a new thing called power attack. I'm excited about that.
Power attack. I didn't say I want a power attack.
Are you describing power attack? I would have if you didn't stop me.
I thought just by mentioning I was going to kill the Sharpie Buttsalot by accident.
Please tell me. No, it's fine. The moment's gone. We'll come back to it. Oh, shit.
As Lord Buttsalot sleeps on the floor, you notice several barbarian warriors suddenly creep out of
hiding. Oh, shit. Power attack. They seem weary. Oh, wait. McGathey's Friman, Friman Summonen's
cinnamon must say cinnamon mustache. Sorry, Aaron. Can you can you can you can you play your character?
Speed come up. I'm sorry. I am the guy.
McGathey, everybody. As Malorean Sedona, which Vace Panos tells me, Sedona is Armenian for Satan.
I love cinnamon mustache. All right, sorry, sorry. So is that where somebody shits in your chest?
There's barbarians coming out of the out of the bushes. They seem weary and relieved.
They approach you calling out. Hey, hey. Hey, easy with the magic. Hey, man, only using as much as I
have to. Thanks for knocking out our war chief. He gets kind of crazy, you know, when he's raging.
Hey, listen, how's it going? How's it going? You should have been to dinner on Tuesday nights.
I'm his son. Sharpie, Sharpie Buttsalot. Sharpie Buttsalot. Nice to meet you. I am
live by Leonard. We've actually met before. Oh, right. Yeah, just an ages past. Well, I was a little drunk.
Well, so you guys. Yeah. I'm talking to the barbarians.
So you're you're you're I came to I came to stop you because you're headed for the
you're headed to talk to the dwarves, right? No, see, that was just a clever ruse to throw them
off our trail. We really came here to this no village to wipe it out.
Yeah, the plot thickens. Damn, I can't keep up with this shit. And I also have to confess,
I've never single thing on any of these. Never ever. Like sometimes we're up against the wall
and I'll go like a snake handler. And I get lucky. But we're level three now. So I'm gonna try to
but these are these are ostensibly people who were on their side because this is these
these are friends of your sleeping father, right? These are my peeps. Yeah, those are your peeps
ostensibly ostensibly. I asked these barbarians as a barbarian myself. I greet them with my
with with the old barbarian handshake. All right. For the podcast listeners, Jeff is giving a very
elaborate handshake, right? For the package, specifically, you you the first person on the
left holds their hands together as if in prayer. The other person does the same and holds their
hands 90 degrees, right? And they they bisect each other's fingers, and then look through each other's
hands and chuckle. It's a goodie. Yes, yes, we did expect you. You see, Yerch, he was here before
he told us you'd be coming. Aha. Well, we're here. Again, thank you for killing or not killing our
barbarian Lord. Please don't loot his body. It's important to us. So hey, it couldn't be more
important to me. I mean, he came me. Now, when he wakes, when he wakes up, is that what do we how
do we get him on our side? Will he wake up in a better mood? Yeah, yeah, yeah, he was raging,
you know, he was drunk. Yeah, yeah, yeah, he was drunk. I'm trying to wrap my mind around and I'm
so sorry. I ask questions. It's fine. You guys weren't headed towards any dwarves at all. No,
you see, the dwarves are our enemies, but that was not the intention of this mission. Oh, that's
what you told everyone you were going to go do, and then you're going to go on a secret assassination
mission. We were really looking for something. Well, what's going down with the dwarves? I'm
distressed by all this talk. I mean, forever, human and dwarf have been inextricably bound
by humanoidness. I have no problems with dwarves per se, but the Hammerbeard tribe themselves,
they're very warlike. They're martial. They're not normal dwarves. They've been trying to overtake
these planes for years. You said they're bad dwarves. Yeah, I'd say so. Take your word for it.
You said you were here to find something. What were you specifically here to find? You see,
that's actually classified. I think only Mango knows. Let's wake him up. Yeah, you want to wake
him up? I grabbed some water from a nearby well and splashed it on his face. You splashed it on his
face. He wakes up with a start. What? Sharpie, sharpie, it's you. What are you doing here?
I... Happy Father's Day. I want my cake. What if I'm... What are you doing here? I came to visit
you. I was out in the field and I was trying to work up my mage powers and I had an epiphany that
I should come in a tone with you. Finally come to take a run at your old man, hey? That's very brave.
No, brah. No. Dad, I'm not going to take a run at you. You're a barbarian. I just wanted to be
a wizard. Like, I came to take a run at your feelings. Your words strike a chord and his
face softens. He says, you know, back when I used to beat you. It was because I thought magic would
make you weak. But now I realize magic is strength. Magic is the universe. I shunned magic. But now
I realize magic is power. It binds my tribe and crushes my enemies underfoot. And that's why I've
been pursuing these fragments. Perhaps you've heard of them. They're called the Fragments of Power.
Don't we have one of those fragments? I whisper to Sharpie.
It's kind of an Abbott and Costello kind of... I think we have two of them. Dad, I think we have
two of them. You think? Fragments. Well, we had one and then... Don't lie to your father, Sharpie.
Well, I just can't keep track. Dad, I'm an alcoholic. And often our adventures occur
late in the evening when I've crossed a threshold. We'll show them to me. I pull out my dick and
balls. And then I say, just kidding. Not those fragments. We had two fragments, right? We had
the one that we got from the... The one that you had and the one you stole from Darkstar, yeah.
Yeah. I pull them out. You whip them out. He inspects the dazzling crystals. He says,
yes, yes, these will do nicely. And he takes them from you. Well, what dad? Do you want to...
Okay, I'm sorry. He attempts to take them from you. And I go, ah, whoa.
You were just... He just rolled the dice? You're much quicker than him and pull the
the stones back. His face contorts with rage. I jump in front of Sharpie and say,
listen, we just met you and I know you're his father, but if you want what we've fought so
hard to gain, we will exact a price for them. Jesus. He looks at you with a new understanding
and then you see behind him approaching. Yerch, the gnoll. He's slinking up. He's holding a haunch
of meat and he's munching on it. A haunch of what? Of meat. A haunch of... I ask him if he likes his
what is eating. Yes, yes, he does. On closer inspection, you realize it's the leg of a gnoll.
Oh, I take an arrow and I shoot it at his shoe, so it just hits the shoe into the ground,
but not his foot. The severed foot or his personal foot, the one he owned. His personal foot,
but I don't hurt him. I just keep him. Like a bug that I'm tax-curing. Ben,
sir, did you give me a power attack to use on Mulrainee Sidhanna? Because I'm fucking this close.
You guys make the action, I mean. Okay, so you shoot at his foot, at his foot, or near his foot.
Just to keep him. It seems like the right thing to do. Well, it does miss. He looks at you with
anger. He approaches mango without you guys talking. He approaches mango and they turn
their backs to you and whisper to one another. You see him pull something out of his pocket.
It looks kind of like your crystal, but it's a deep blood red. He hands it to him.
Dad, listen, you said that you have a newfound respect for magic, so I would hope that that
would be a entree into a newfound respect for your son's vocation and a newfound respect for
the potential destruction that magic can cause. These two shards that we've uncovered,
you know, we got them from shitty people who were corrupted by their power and, you know,
we just need to make sure, I'm all four gathering all of them, to keep them out of the hands of
the shitty. So let's not get all grabby. He seems a bit calmed by your speech, you know. You always
had a way to convince him sometimes. What happens if you combine all these shards together? What
is the force that that creates? You see the fragments of power about fragments of the tapestry
of fate. You can imagine the universe as the reflection of the light. That light is magic.
The light comes through the tapestry of fate and projects our reality. But these
forge, they determine what the reality is. With the fragments in hand, one can determine
whatever reality they wish and will it into being. We can change the tapestry with the
shards? With the fragments of power, you are the tapestry. Now do we have three of the four or
all four now? You guys personally have two. One of them's the one you found and one of them's a
pretty large one that you purified from the Admiral Darkstar. You saw that red one, maybe.
So that's probably number three. Yeah, he might have other ones he hasn't told you about. I'll
carry it because I'm very strong. Which one? The large one. You'd have to ask Sharpie for that.
He owns it right now. You can carry it. I was just trying to help. Yeah, that's fine. I say that we
combine these three. Look Sharpie, I pull Sharpie and Mulrainee aside and say like, here's the deal.
We don't know what's going to happen when all four of these are together and who's going to control
them. But I say at least let's make sure that we as good people are involved when the four are
united and we can cross that bridge and we come to it. Let's unite these three and then go after
the fourth one together. Right, but first we've got to purify this red one. Dad, your crystal,
your shards, red. I don't think it's supposed to be. What do you know of these stones? Have you
studied them? Well, I've got some hands on experience. I've taken two of them and I think
I purified one of them. I was, again, very drunk. I'm not coming to you as a proud man, Dad. I'm
coming to you as a guy with two shards and I'm saying yours is red and I think that when there
are different colors they should be purified. None of you. Take it easy. If I've learned
one thing on this adventure, different colors should be purified. Can I try to purify your red
crystal, Dad? I don't know what this purification process might do. Do you know what this is?
Well, it ain't going to make them less magical. Do you know that? Yes.
You say reasonably unconvincingly. Oh, you convince them.
Okay.
I thought it was climatic and unclimatic at the same time. Oh, yeah, you fucking nailed it.
But you know, you fucking did it. That's how it goes. He hands you the red crystal. Did I
purify the last one? Yeah, but you don't know what that means. I mean, you haven't like done
tests on an unpurified versus a purified. Yeah, but I can't, what did I do last time to remember
when we got you touched them together and one of them turned from like dark colored to like bright
dad. Oh, okay. That's really all you know. I turned my back and I go home. I just put the three
together. Is that from Temple of Doom? No, it's from gibberish. Okay. You notice the red one
glows and it actually turns the larger one red. Oh, let's just hope that red is good.
Let's commit to this. Maybe red's good.
Doesn't sound good. May I use Alchemist's fire to examine the color of the stones?
Alchemist's fire is a magical bag containing reagents that when exposed to air burst into
flame. It's essentially an ascendiary device. All right, sorry. Why don't you shoot more arrows
at people's feet? Why did you do that? Did you think he was going to eat a chicken leg?
She just knows she has arrows and she keeps shooting them all the time with people.
No, I thought he was going to run away, so I just wanted to keep him still.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Adventure.
Sure, don't tell. Mango calls. What's good? What's going on? You took my thing.
I was just doing a thing. So what happened? The red one turned another one red?
Yeah. So we have one purified one and two red ones? Yes. So I think it's probably dangerous
to combine all three of these together. It might very well be. I said we find the fourth one and
maybe there might very well be more than four. Can I rate Ranger for the fourth one? Ranger.
Here. You range unsuccessfully. I'm sorry, you guys. I'm sorry.
I throw one of my seven knives at the moon.
It can't hurt to try.
All right. Dad. What would you think about taking these things to someone that would
know better than us what their potential dangers are? You want to know what their potential dangers
are? Check this out. He grabs his red crystal from your hand and he swallows it. Nothing happens.
Nothing. Nothing happens. This is true power. All right. Swallow your red one. This is why I
left home. I never said he was sane. He might be crazy. Dad, is that the first time you've
ever done that? No, no. This is my third. You've swallowed the second one's the hardest. Oh,
so he's got one more inside him already. He's two more. Two more. He's the third one he swallowed.
So, okay. So, Dad, what can you do having swallowed this? Soon. Soon you'll see.
Are we supposed to cut him open and get those things? That's a lot. How much do you
pair? He presents his belly. He presents his belly. That's a joke. I could use,
could I use my arrow to do surgery that's painless and then? Yeah, yeah, you're totally. That's,
what's your surgery rating? That's heel skill. Heel skill? I think you're like a
plus nine to heal. Dad, I'm really taken aback by your behavior. I'm not surprised. You know nothing
of the fragments. You know nothing of the tapestry. You know nothing of true magic. Can we get the
fellowship of the nerds up here to help us out and tell us what to do? Yeah, I know. I know a
corruptive magic when I see it. So, but he's not trying to go for my fragments, right? I thought
I might too. Not yet. Although he does occasionally eye them. Yes. I've seen this before. Swallow
yours too and then it'll be as equal. It'll be like a toning with them. No, I'll just have two
fucking unused fragments and like, he'll kill me. I don't know what to do. This seems like a great.
Oh, he said detect magic. Detect a magic. You have two stones, one that's purified and one that's
not purified. So why don't you detect magic and see which is stronger?
It's a luan that she uses. What does detect magic detect? Detect magic allows you to see
auras emanating out of things that are magical. As you focus harder, those auras become more
distinct and determine the nature of such magic. Can I tell something that's more magical from
something that's less magical? Yes. Okay. Because this guy's a hero. Listen to that guy. I will
detect, cast Detect Magic on my dead stomach and on the shards in my hands. You sense several auras
of magic. One's coming from the stone in your hand. One's coming from the larger stone that's
been turned red now. A huge auras emanating out of Lord Buttsalot and a sizable auras emanating from
Jeff's pocket. Well, that we knew about. You know what I'm saying about a gnome with a big sword.
You notice Lord Buttsalot is emanating a magic of intense chaos and anger and power.
Well, I have magic too. Yeah, you can't see it though, Sue. I mean,
unless he says something to you, you have no idea this is happening.
All right. I'm going into the panic mode. So what's next, Dad? Where were you headed next?
We take this fight to the dwarves. You see, the dwarves have fragments too. They want ours. We
need to wipe them out before they finish their war plans and decimate my lands.
Where do you think they are? The dwarves, the mountains that they live in. You see, they're
using dwarves like mountains. Yeah, no, I know they do. Do I know that I have an emanating
thing? Okay, sorry, sorry, Jeff. Uh, uh, shit. Well, I mean, we were the shows way too late.
We're missing a piece. Uh, what? There are pieces in existence. You have a few of them.
So right now are we trying to are we trying to find a missing piece or we're trying to
figure out what's happening? You're talking to your dad or you're talking to his dad.
He seems to want to get the ones from the dwarves or maybe just kill the dwarves.
Let's unite forces and kill the dwarves and combine these shards together.
Yes, a barbarian after my own heart. Two arrows. Two arrows at the dwarves. Two arrows well
served. Wait, is she just trying to kill me? No, no, no, at the dwarves. Oh, you keep shooting
arrows at everything. You just said kill the dwarves and I, yes, Anna do and said, yeah,
let's kill the dwarves. Okay. How do I please you? It's a very good question. How many arrows?
Hi. Okay. All right. I just once bitten twice shy. We've never gone this late. We have to find a
place to stop the show, but it's, I say that you make a big proclamation to, to me, to Mulraine,
and to your, to Lord Buttsalot about what, about like, just like Peter Jackson's breaking up the
hobbit and to Shariax, I say you find a way to end this non act break in a great flourish
in a way that you would end, you would break up the hobbit into one third.
Right. And then as I recall from the Lord of the Rings, the thing that one character did was,
did you ever notice when it seems like a story is bad that it actually turns out it's good?
Because there'll be another story. And then the other guy was like, yeah, I guess you're right.
And then they ended the movie. That was how the, but we can't do that here. More craftsmanship.
I just did it. It didn't work.
We want to thank Spencer all for being up here. Thank you, Spencer. Yeah, come on.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, Erin McAfee, Mulraine Sedona, thank you for being here.
Crystal Shards. Crystal Shards got power. Power going down to the hour. Got a fragment of this,
got a fragment of that. Fuck your mama's dog. Fuck your mama's cat. Fuck your mama in a known
village. Fuck your mama in a pussy-eyed pillage. Fuck your mama with an axe. Fuck your mama with
a hammer. Fuck your mama and made her start to stammer. She was like, oh, that's good.
Fuck your mama with a sword made of wood. Fuck your mama in the high planes. Fuck your mama
in the grains. Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody. Sorry, sorry, a little, kind of a
long one. But hey, hey. You ever have a really big pizza? Sometimes the pizza's really big.
Because it makes you sick the next day. Oh, it's all pizza.
Thank you so much for coming down to Nerd Mail Theater. Thank you for listening. I'm
Jeff Davis, I'm the Comptroller. Your mayor, Dan Harmon, one more time.
Also, I'd like to thank Katie Levine, our audio recording, Zac McKeever, on attack. Emily
Gordon, our producer of the live show. Daniel Kramer, Program Director, Dustin Marshall,
podcast producer. Mo Fathelbab, on-site director. He's the only fine logo designer. He's a really
shocking web designer. Thank you so much for everyone who's joining us tonight. Thank you for
the fellowship of the Nerds. Thank you, Anastasia, for coming up. Adam Goldberg, hit the showers.
Thank you, Harmontown. Purify the colors. Purify colors. Thank you.